# 1.Instructions on how to run the application:
    After inputting the data for what information is embedded within the User such as "name","date",and "word".(It already comes with my pre-existing information) Press the "Run" button in the Main.java class.The memento pattern shows its data within each of its stages of that word. 
# 2.Test/Example Data:
    The User being set to "Josh". The date being set to "07/02/2003", confirminId set to "100000", word choice being set to "awesome". The three stages known as "Word Saved at input stage", "Word Saved at confirmation", and "Word Saved at posting". 
# 3.Describing Selected Pattern:
    The selected pattern was the Memento Pattern. I found this pattern to be extravagently purposeful to my design implementation project since my application was made to capture snapshots of current state of a certain object, which was my object of where users can post their word of choice to describe their whole day. This pattern lets us make full copies of an object's state in my system. Since the UserCaretaker can request a memento from an originiator, which it can hold it for a time, and passes it back to the orginiator which is the User class. This really benefits my application becuase it can really capture a certain day to what word that user put in the system for that particular day. 
# 4.Description oof how the classes you implemented correspond t the classes in your chosen Design Pattern:
    The classes I implemented correspond to the classes I chose for my design pattern for how they represent the word choice class in my previous design which was obviously wrong that I stated in the "Try to Change It" game. When trying to implement the classes within their methods described; I realized in the third part of the game where the methods involved in the classes would not work and be compatible at all with what I would've wanted. The User can easily be represented as the Originiator descibing the methods to create and set mementos. The UserMemento can describe the classic Memento to get and set the state of the information within the User. The Caretaker can descibe the UserCaretaker that shepherds the User class and it's methods. 
